Geolocation Updated (#1667)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Geolocation

> While you browse the web, websites may request your device’s location from Microsoft Edge. Data about your device’s location can be either precise or imprecise. For example, precise location is requested to provide driving direction to/from your specific location. Imprecise location may be requested to provide search results, news, and weather relevant to your general location.

Reviewer: change curly quotes to smart quotes, at least in this h2 section
```suggestion
While you browse the web, websites may request your device's location from Microsoft Edge. Data about your device's location can be either precise or imprecise. For example, a precise location is requested to provide driving directions to or from your specific location. An imprecise location may be requested to provide search results, news, and weather relevant to your general location.
```

Author: Changed in a single Commit

> Microsoft Edge supports the [Geolocation API](https://w3.org/TR/geolocation-api), which allows websites to access your precise location with your permission. Microsoft Edge always asks for your permission before granting websites access to your precise location. To manage the site-specific permissions or to always block sites from accessing your precise location, navigate to `edge://settings/content/location`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge supports the [Geolocation API](https://w3.org/TR/geolocation-api), which allows websites to access your precise location with your permission. Microsoft Edge always asks for your permission before granting websites access to your precise location. To manage the site-specific permissions or to always block sites from accessing your precise location, go to `edge://settings/content/location`.
```
Add UI steps as an alternative to the special-page URL?

Author: Changed in a single Commit

> Microsoft Edge supports the [Geolocation API](https://w3.org/TR/geolocation-api), which allows websites to access your precise location with your permission. Microsoft Edge always asks for your permission before granting websites access to your precise location. To manage the site-specific permissions or to always block sites from accessing your precise location, navigate to `edge://settings/content/location`.

Reviewer: Add UI steps as an alternative to the special-page URL?

Author: Sent an email about this including Laura, she can't see this page.

Reviewer 2: Looks like I have access to this page now. Did a quick scan of the article and the special-page URL is used commonly, so my suggestion is to stick with that.

Author: Done

Microsoft Edge indicates when your precise location is being shared on the right side of the address bar. 

:::image type="complex" source="./media/geolocation2.png" alt-text="Location" lightbox="./media/geolocation2.png":::
   Location
:::image-end:::

If you allow sharing of your precise location with a site, Microsoft Edge sends local network information to the Microsoft location service. This information includes your IP address and nearby Wi-Fi access points. The Microsoft location service uses this information to estimate your geolocation coordinates. The geolocation estimate is shared with the site with which you agreed to share your precise location.

You can allow Microsoft Edge to provide the requesting site with a precise location on Windows 10 and Windows 11. Open **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Location** and turn on the **Allow access to location on this device** and **Allow apps to access your location** settings.

>  If you turn off the **Allow access to location on this device** and **Allow apps to access your location** settings, some sites can use information such as your IP address to determine your device’s imprecise location. For more information about Windows location settings, navigate to [Windows location service and privacy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4468240).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you turn off the **Allow access to location on this device** and **Allow apps to access your location** settings, some sites can use information such as your IP address to determine your device's imprecise location. For more information about Windows location settings, navigate to [Windows location service and privacy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4468240).
```

Author: Changed in a single Commit

> Microsoft Edge does not store your geolocation coordinates. When making requests to the Microsoft location service, Microsoft Edge generates a new random ID for each request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge doesn't store your geolocation coordinates. When making requests to the Microsoft location service, Microsoft Edge generates a new random ID for each request.
```

Author: Changed in a single Commit
